---
layout: post
title: News 24
categories: [News]
description: News 24
keywords: English News, News
---
<style>r { color: Red }b { color: Blue }</style>

1. The Supreme Court will hear oral arguments tomorrow in a case challenging the Biden administration's move to <r>forgive</r> up to \$10,000 in debt for borrowers making less than \$125,000 a year. Individuals and Republican state officials sued to block the plan from <b>taking effect</b>, arguing that Biden and the Education Department didn't have the legal authority to cancel debt <r>en masse</r>. Before the justices can consider this argument, the <r>plaintiffs</r> have to make the case that they have standing.

    ```
    Vocabulary

    forgive: 免除
    en masse /ɒ̃ ˈmas/： 一起；全体
    plaintiffs /ˈpleɪntɪf/： 原告
    ```
2. President Biden said Tuesday we would nominate Julie Su, the No. 2 official at the Labor Department, to lead the agency, maintaining continuity within a department that played a <r>prominent</r> role in <r>averting</r> a rail strike last year. Ms. Su, age 54, is Chinese-American.

3. Britain and the E.U. <b>struck a deal</b> over Northern Ireland trade. The argument seeks to resolve one of the most <b>poisonous legacies</b> of Brexit, Britain's exit from Europe's trade bloc. It could help to avert a potential trade war and possibly open the door to the <r>restoration</r> of Northern Ireland's government. 

4. Hong Kong ends mask <r>mandate</r>, one of the world's last. Chief Executive John Lee on Tuesday announced the <r>scrapping</r> of the mask mandate as the pandemic "has been largely contained" with "no major spike in the number of cases so far."







